Added known issue to version 9.2.0 for batch's estimate type errors (#19157)
elastic/logstash: docs/release-notes/known-issues.md

## 9.2.0 [logstash-ki-9.2.0]

**Batch size metric calculation could throw an error if encounter a type it doesn't recognize**

Applies to: {{ls}} 9.2.0

::::{dropdown} Details

If a Logstash event contains an unknown field type, the batch byte size estimation fails. Processing continues unaffected.

If log generation becomes excessively noisy, these lines can be silenced by adding the following definition to the `config/log4j2.properties` file:
```properties
logger.batch_metrics.name = org.logstash.execution.QueueReadClientBatchMetrics
logger.batch_metrics.filter.match_unsupported_type.type = StringMatchFilter
logger.batch_metrics.filter.match_unsupported_type.text = Failed to calculate batch byte size for metrics
logger.batch_metrics.filter.match_unsupported_type.onMatch = DENY
logger.batch_metrics.filter.match_unsupported_type.onMismatch = NEUTRAL
```

If there is a performance drop originated by the filtering of log lines, the logger can be completely disabled by setting the level to `OFF`:
```properties
logger.batch_metrics.level = OFF
```

> For details, checkout [the issue](https://github.com/elastic/logstash/issues/19066). A fix will be included in future version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details, check out [the issue](https://github.com/elastic/logstash/issues/19066). A fix will be included in a future version.
```

> Details of the bug are included in [the issue](https://github.com/elastic/logstash/issues/19066), which will be included in a future version of Logstash.

Reviewer: "which" is unclear to me. How about "For details, checkout [the issue](https://github.com/elastic/logstash/issues/19066). A fix will be included in 9.3.6 and 9.4.3."

Assuming you will backport the log4j2.properties

Author: The fix will be implemented in another PR and resolves the problem in the estimation method. This is a termporary patch on the log4 config.
I don't know yet in which version the fix will be deployed. So can't state any version.
